python luma.py Tests/class.luma
python luma.py Tests/function.luma
python luma.py Tests/function2.luma
python luma.py Tests/Game.luma
python luma.py Tests/list.luma
python luma.py Tests/list2.luma
python luma.py Tests/list3.luma
python luma.py Tests/list4.luma
python luma.py Tests/petshop.luma
python luma.py Tests/scopes1.luma
python luma.py Tests/scopes2.luma
python luma.py Tests/scopes3.luma
python luma.py Tests/scopes4.luma
python luma.py Tests/test_complex.luma
python luma.py Tests/test.luma
python luma.py Tests/test1.luma
python luma.py Tests/test2.luma
python luma.py Tests/test3.luma
python luma.py Tests/test4.luma
python luma.py Tests/test5.luma
python luma.py Tests/test6.luma
python luma.py Tests/test7.luma
python luma.py Tests/test8.luma